Operational Excellence:
1. Organization
OPS 1: How do you determine what your priorities are?
Everyone needs to understand their part in enabling business success. Have shared goals in order to set
priorities for resources. This will maximize the benefits of your efforts.

OPS 2: How do you structure your organization to support your business outcomes?
Your teams must understand their part in achieving business outcomes. Teams need to understand
their roles in the success of other teams, the role of other teams in their success, and have shared
goals. Understanding responsibility, ownership, how decisions are made, and who has authority to
make decisions will help focus efforts and maximize the benefits from your teams.

OPS 3: How does your organizational culture support your business outcomes?
Provide support for your team members so that they can be more effective in taking action and supporting your business outcome.

2. Prepare
OPS 4: How do you design your workload so that you can understand its state?
Design your workload so that it provides the information necessary across all components (for
example, metrics, logs, and traces) for you to understand its internal state. This enables you to provide
effective responses when appropriate.

OPS 5: How do you reduce defects, ease remediation, and improve flow into production?
Adopt approaches that improve flow of changes into production, that enable refactoring, fast feedback
on quality, and bug fixing. These accelerate beneficial changes entering production, limit issues
deployed, and enable rapid identification and remediation of issues introduced through deployment activites

OPS 6: How do you mitigate deployment risks?
Adopt approaches that provide fast feedback on quality and enable rapid recovery from changes that
do not have desired outcomes. Using these practices mitigates the impact of issues introduced through
the deployment of changes.

OPS 7: How do you know that you are ready to support a workload?
Evaluate the operational readiness of your workload, processes and procedures, and personnel to
understand the operational risks related to your workload.

Operate:
OPS 8: How do you understand the health of your workload?
Define, capture, and analyze workload metrics to gain visibility to workload events so that you can take
appropriate action.

OPS 9: How do you understand the health of your operations?
Define, capture, and analyze operations metrics to gain visibility to operations events so that you can
take appropriate action.

OPS 10: How do you manage workload and operations events?
Prepare and validate procedures for responding to events to minimize their disruption to your workload

Evolve:

OPS 11: How do you evolve operations?
Dedicate time and resources for continuous incremental improvement to evolve the effectiveness and
efficiency of your operations


