“project = GLERP AND fixVersion in (Gemini) AND status not in ("In Progress", done, cancelled) ORDER BY cf[15429] ASC, assignee DESC, status ASC”  

Dashboard queries
project = GLERP AND issuetype = story AND status not in (Backlog, Cancelled, "To Do", done, Complete) AND ("Acceptance Criteria" is EMPTY OR assignee is EMPTY) AND cf[15429] = "GLERP Silver Surfers"

project = 15406 AND fixVersion in (Draco, Fornax, Gemini) AND fixVersion not in (Backlog, Hydra, IO) AND status not in (done, cancelled, Complete) AND cf[15429] = "GLERP Silver Surfers" ORDER BY cf[15429] ASC


--Month End Support
1. Assisted and troubleshot Shalini’s permission issue before Month End and corrected the issue
2. Worked on page on Saturday for P504 disk space alert
3. Assisted Shawn Borden on Sunday to check TABS-SQL2-PD Prod server.

--Work with and Assist to App Managers
1. Helped with  Angela’s SOX request
2. Followed up with Maruti to update SLA on TASC-105 and assisted him on how to do so
3. Worked with Shawn Borden on DDCDP50788 RDAT2 5% free issue
4. Assisted on the resolution on stopping SSRS report going to certain user for Joshua Seanz

--Worked on RCA
1. Reached out to Keron for RAC on TASC-105
2. Attended meeting with Domain Controller team and exchanged information on TASC-105 issue

--Teamwork Activities
1. Held weekly DBA meetings to have DBA internal discussion and demo
2. Worked on GFA server disk space analysis and projection project with Amit
3. Provided instruction on how to unlock accounts to teammates
4. Assisted Cassey to troubleshoot the high INC with INMFC-037 time out and provide many screenshots and tips.

--Migration Activities
1. Attended weekly migration meeting
2. Migration from 39 to N3/4 is currently on hold

1. RCA/ImageNow QA:  This RCA is still open.  Researching high CPU usage for 2 week period.
 2. Winshuttle  Customer wants backups to be peformed by EDP from now on instead of locally           
3. RCA/ImageNow PROD : Meeting on 4/7 at 3:30pm to discuss status of RCA                                     
4. MCKSQLP511\SQLP511 - Reached out to WSA to resolve, howerver this server is used for GetPaid and it is decommissioning                                         
5.GetPaid callout on Saturday, April 4th for log shipping server, ddcdp50954.  INC000010733262      




Post migration using the back and restore.
Work with he application team on the following to validate all the database objects,data and permissions are migrated successfully

Verify the application is able to connectivity
Verify that the permissions are correct
Data validation to the new instance.

Validation Checklist - Validate the Transported Data
Check that all services part of the installation are up and running
Verify that databases are Read only or Read-Write
Verify and compare Jobs at the source and destination. 
 Verify and compare the maintenance plans at the source and destination. 
 Verify and compare sql server logins at source and destination
Verify and compare linked servers  at source and destination
Verify and compare alerting, email configuration, and other options at source and destination
Verify all log shipping, replication if applicable at source and destination
Verify if the users have been granted the right Privileges
--------------
Work with he application team on the following to validate all the database objects,data and permissions are migrated successfully

Verify the application is able to connectivity
Verify that the permissions are correct
Data validation to the new instance.

